[clang] Improve diagnostic on [[nodiscard]] attribute (#112521)
llvm/llvm-project: clang/docs/ReleaseNotes.rst

    // Now diagnoses with an error.
    void f(int& i [[clang::lifetimebound]]);

> - Clang will now prefer the ``[[nodiscard]]`` declaration on function declarations over ``[[nodiscard]]``

Reviewer: I'm not sure this is really a 'potentially breaking change' so much as just a diagnostic change?

  name was a reserved name, which we improperly allowed to suppress the
  diagnostic.

> - Clang now includes the return type of the function or constructor in the warning generated
>   when `[[nodiscard]]` is triggered by its placement on return types instead of function itself.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- When diagnosing an unused return value of a type declared ``[[nodiscard]]``, the type
  itself is now included in the diagnostic.
```
I think this way it’s a bit easier to understand what’s happening here. This is the best I could do while trying to avoid the mouthful that is ‘ignoring a value returned from a call to a function returning a type marked nodiscard’.

Author: Sure
